Character Selection

Orc
Human
Elve
Dwarf

The Orc is a hulking brute of a creature, towering over all others with its immense 
strength and ferocity. Born into a world of violence and bloodshed, the Orc has learned
to master the art of destruction, wielding its weapons with deadly precision and causing
chaos and mayhem wherever it goes.

The Human is a creature of intellect and charm, a born leader with a keen eye for 
strategy and diplomacy. Whether wielding a sword and shield or a bow and arrow, 
the Human is equally deadly, capable of taking down enemies from afar or in close combat.

The Elve is a creature of magic and grace, a being of otherworldly beauty and enduring 
resilience. Though its body is fragile, the Elve's mind is sharp and its dexterity 
unmatched, able to weave spells of great power and dance circles around its enemies.

The Dwarf is a creature of strength and resilience, tough as the mountains themselves 
and possessing a will to match. Capable of bashing in skulls with a single blow, the 
Dwarf is also a skilled healer, able to mend the wounds of its allies 
and keep them fighting on through even the toughest battles.



Now I want to do an epic introduction of the 4 possible heroes for the player to choose. An Orc extremely strong, proficient in wreaking havoc on his enemies, high strength, medium dexterity, low intelligence.
Human, smart, charismatic, good either with a sword and shield or with a bow and arrow. Medium health, medium strength, medium dexterity, medium intelligence.
Elve, extremely smart and agile race, time enduring with fragile bodies, proficient in the use of magic and dexterity weapons and abilities. low strength, high intelligence, high dexterity.
Dwarf, 

I am making a text adventure game and I want you to help me with the story, it is called King of the Void, is about a group of heroes in a medieval fantasy land, that face a group of challenges to vanquish the villain, I want you to help me write a prologue, it is supposed to introduce the land called Callenhill. I want the prologue to describe the villain but keep its look in mystery, just describe all the evil things he has done, he has spread death and misery. I want it to be slightly grim and kind of a Dungeons and Dragons/Dark Souls Style